Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
...is death by fire.
Please evacuate quickly!
We will put the Infernals to rest!
Aw, not our town...
Someone, please hurry and put my husband out of his misery!
An Infernal!
Sister!
Right!
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
That was the third one.
There are so many of them,
and they're spreading out throughout the town.
I've spotted several of them near the lieutenant.
It appears that the number of Infernals is still increasing.
With this many of them, there's no question they're using those Insects.
There has to be a command center somewhere directing them all.
It could be that plasma user from the Nether.
Haumea-sama, we have finished exploring the eastern quarter.
Even after all that, there is still no one compatible. On to the next area.
Get some distance.
The Fire Force is nearby.
"Episode 4: Groping Through the Fire"
Blue Stripes! We've got an Infernal!
There are so many of them.
Keep spraying them to slow them down until we can put them to rest.
Got it.
Maki-san, we're more or less keeping them at bay,
but we need the sister to put them to rest.
Copy.
The sister is heading this way now!
Just hold on!
Vulcan!
Infernals from the rear, too?
I am terribly sorry. Please forgive me for putting you to rest without a prayer.
No, it's all right, Lieutenant!
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Are you all right, Vulcan-san?
That was close. You saved me.
I'm sorry we took so long. We just finished putting another one to rest.
I need you to keep stopping them on the front lines.
If we don't ensure the Fire Fighters' safety, they can't put out the fires.
Understood, sir.
Vulcan, good to go?
No problem, sir. Two more Infernals down this way.
Ugh, if I'd known it would be like this, I wouldn't have come.
The distribution of these Infernals is not at all spontaneous.
They're probably using Insects to set people ablaze and split us up.
Maki, Vulcan, locate the plasma user for me.
She must be issuing instructions to the hostiles throughout town.
Vulcan, plasma user acquired.
I'll send Arthur her way, so send me her location.
Copy.
Arthur, do you read me?
I've located the plasma user.
I'm coming to get you on the double, so fight her off.
I'm taking you with me, too. Don't interfere, just come quietly.
Screw that!
Who do you two think you are?
I'll decide for myself what I'm gonna do.
I may not understand what your objective is,
but don't go deciding for me if you're escorting me or securing me!
WALK!
You possess an Adolla Burst. Your freedom... is gone.
I'll take you somewhere safe right away.
Just leave this to me. I'm a hero, after all.
Safe? What for? That's so dull. Out of the question.
Day-to-day life without any thrills? That would be so boring.
Count me out.
What are you talking about?
You may steal money from people, but you still save their lives, right?
I don't care if you do save me, I'm not giving you anything.
I was never after anything in return in the first place!
It's because you people are like this
that people think getting rescued is something to be expected.
You're turning out incompetent scum that can do nothing but wait for you!
As long as the people end up getting rescued, what does it matter?
Having an ability doesn't make you a bigshot!
People don't know what's right or what's wrong.
Don't go forcing your boring safety on me!
Huh?
Whoa, this one is tough. Still...
I'm just gonna burn the same way I've seen others, right?
What's suddenly come over you?
So what if I just do whatever I want to?
Wait!
The Fifth Pillar belongs to us!
Get out of my way!
I'm picking up multiple heat sources.
Stay right with me.
Two of them at one o'clock.
One of them at nine o'clock.
No, there's more than just them.
So it would seem.
How are we supposed to stop this many of them without putting them to rest?
Hold on!
There's a far stronger heat source coming from that group of them!
What?
Is that...?
A demon Infernal.
It can't be...
This is great!
Of course a demon is gonna be born!
We have someone here who just had her Adolla Burst awaken.
I knew that if we used Insects around her to cause human combustion,
we'd have a demon pop up from among them.
Though I have to admit, it's gonna be quite the ordeal for them.
Imagine, not being able to finish off an Infernal without putting them to rest!
You Fire Soldiers sure tie yourselves up in some inconvenient bondage games.
Maki-san, we've got a demon on our hands now.
There's no way we can stop them.
The sister is heading there now.
Just hang on!
Easy for her to say.
What are we supposed to do by ourselves?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
I didn't mean to take so long. I had some trouble getting changed.
Tamaki, you've been through the sisters' training?
Well, I did come from the 1st, after all.
But this is my first time putting anyone to rest in the field.
Do your best.
Yes, sir, I'll start right away...
Why me?
How did everything from the neck down come off?
And how come only the veil stayed on?
The bikini-and-veil look is an awfully niche kink.
Wait, if you can get to heaven that way, that may not sound so bad.
Don't be ridiculous. There's no way.
...Here they come! ...If we can't put them to rest, what are we supposed to do?!
...If we can't put them to rest, what are we supposed to do?!
Oh, sorry! I'll get dressed again right away!
Hang in there, Vulcan.
This is where we're gonna meet our end, all right.
Don't give up!
Just hold on, you two! I'm almost finished...
Damn it! Whoa...!
...Vulcan! ...Damn it, damn it...!
For heaven's sake, Tamaki...
As always, what are you even doing?
Lieutenant Karim!
This is Hinawa. Lieutenant Karim from the 1st has joined us.
He's here? That's a big help.
I thought we couldn't count on any of the other companies to work with us.
Not officially, no. But I requested a little personal assistance.
I hear you're short on clerical help.
I'm really glad you're here. Now we can put them to rest.
All right, let's go!
Go grab the girl who ran away.
Sir!
Hold it!
Move it!
Let go of me, you...!
No you don't!
Is that...?
Backdraft Bubblish Gum.
It's you! The guy from the 5th!
Toru Kishiri!
I got a request that you wanted some extra help, so here I am.
There's another one?
N-No, not me. I just happened to be passing by. No, really...
Whoa, hell of a barrage.
This is bad! This is bad, but here I am!
Juggernaut!
Let's get 'em!
We can't just run up to them.
Stay away!
Way to go, Juggernaut! I'll make sure not to let them anywhere near us,
so you just keep on backing away and firing at them!
You just make sure!
Keep your distance and return fire!
Sir!
Keep away!
I hate to do this, you two, but you've got this!
Huh?!
I'm not going to let them get that girl!
Hm? Shinra Kusakabe! Where do you think you're going?
You're going where Inca is, right? Isn't that right?!
Answer my question!
Damn it!
Let me go! Let go of me!
Be quiet!
Stop that! Let the girl go!
Butt out! I want to live someplace that scares the living daylights out of me!
What is wrong with you?
Hurry! The Infernals are coming!
That way is cut off!
Sister, we need to put the next one to rest, please.
Yes, sir.
We call it a prayer, but she puts her whole soul into supplicating.
The sister's strength and concentration has their limits.
Are you all right, Sister?
Hmm? There's nothing at all wrong with me, sir.
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Who are you?
A sister squad under the command of Lieutenant Karim.
Company 2 Platoon on the scene!
Company 5 Platoon, secure an evacuation route for the civilians!
...Yes, sir! ...Yes, sir!
Am I glad to see them! Reinforcements!
Captain Obi, I am Platoon Leader Taguchi, from the 2nd.
I am Platoon Leader Tokuyama, from the 5th.
Thanks for the assistance. I'm glad you answered my call.
I've known about you since your days as a regular Fire Fighter, sir.
It is an honor to be able to work together with you today.
Company 2 Platoon, put those Infernals to rest!
Company 5 Platoon, after securing that route, get everyone evacuated!
...Yes, sir! ...Yes, sir!
Captain, look how many of them there are. Isn't this great?
Yeah.
We aren't the only Fire Soldiers that want to protect people.
The flames are now spread out all across town.
Adding a few more Fire Soldiers at this point won't do any good.
The Fifth Pillar is as good as ours.
Celestial Knight Slash!
Whoa, you freaked me out.
Gah, it's you again!
Maki, shock lady acquired.
Take her out.
So you're the enemy commander, are you?
I challenge you to a one-on-one duel!
Charon, I've got a problem here. Hurry it up.
I'm not siding with either one of you guys! Let me go! Release me!
Let the girl go!
...Hold her there...Let me go!
Sir.
I'm getting real tired of that hulking frame of yours.
I'll blow you away!
That was nothing!
CLAP!
Your attacks are all speed and no heat.
Oh, shut up. Screw you.
Still, the fact remains that my Rapid doesn't work against him.
He triggers explosions just by walking.
I could create explosions like that, too, if I wanted to.
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Fire!
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Captain, the Infernals are being put to rest like clockwork now.
But how are we going to extinguish all this fire?
The way things are headed, the whole town is going to burn down.
Return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Whew. That just leaves...
...the one-horned demon Infernal!
Damn! I can't send out orders when you're around!
I am going to shatter your scheme!
Hmph, oh, are you, now? But then, we already have the Fifth Pillar!
We're going to be the ones to assemble the eight key Pillars.
Unhand me! I do not belong to anyone!
Let me go! Release me!
That leaves you, Fourth Pillar.
I can't beat him like this. However...
...when I was training with Captain Shinmon,
there was one tenokata form that caused an explosion.
You extend your index and pinky fingers.
Whenever you get in a pinch, remember "rock" while making this sign,
and it will inspire courage within you.
I guess I'll try it.
I'm just getting started, you damn gorilla!
The form I learned from Captain Obi himself...
The "Corna"!
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Shinra-san squares off against the White-Clad Charon.
While fighting an uphill battle against a foe he can't lay a scratch on,
he finally figures out the secret. Now, Shinra-san! Your finishing move!
We'll see about that!
"Episode 5" "Corna (Sign of the Devil)"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 5, "Corna."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org